README.md, before:

# MCPServer-Image2Image

This repository contains a simple MCP-based Image2Image server (`mcp_server.py`) that exposes an `image2image` tool. The tool wraps a Foundry/OpenAI-style images edit endpoint. The repository also includes scripts to create and activate a virtual environment.

## Quick start (Windows PowerShell)

1. Create and activate the virtual environment (if not already created):

```powershell
python -m venv .venv
.\.venv\Scripts\Activate.ps1
```

2. Install the project's requirements:

```powershell
.\.venv\Scripts\pip.exe install -r requirements.txt
```

3. Ensure you have a `.env` file with the following variables set:

```
FOUNDRY_ENDPOINT=<your_foundry_endpoint>
FOUNDRY_API_KEY=<your_api_key>
FOUNDRY_API_VERSION=<api_version>
FLUX_DEPLOYMENT_NAME=<flux_deployment>
GPT_DEPLOYMENT_NAME=<gpt_deployment>
```

4. Start the MCP server (this exposes the `image2image` tool):

You can start the server using the `mcp` CLI. Example (Server-Sent Events transport):

```powershell
mcp start .\mcp_server.py -t sse
```

This will start an MCP server that listens for MCP client connections. You can adjust the transport (`-t`) and host/port as needed. Below is an example `mcp.json` (editor integration) and a sample prompt for testing.

## Troubleshooting

- If you see ModuleNotFoundError for `mcp`, install the package and extras:

```powershell
.\.venv\Scripts\pip.exe install "mcp[cli]"
```

- If the MCP server appears to hang when started in the terminal, it is running an interactive loop; run the server in a dedicated terminal window and use an MCP client to connect.

## Files of interest

- `mcp_server.py` - MCP server and the `image2image` tool implementation
- `requirements.txt` - Python dependencies
- `scripts/` - helper venv activation scripts for different shells

If you'd like, I can add a small client script to demonstrate connecting to the MCP server and invoking the `image2image` tool.

## Editor integration / mcp.json example

If your editor integrates with MCP, use an `mcp.json` file like the example below. It matches the Server-Sent Events transport shown above:

```json
{
    "servers": {
        "image2imagelabs": {
            "url": "http://0.0.0.0:8000/sse",
            "type": "http"
        }
    },
    "inputs": []
}
```

Sample prompt you can use when calling the tool:

```text
Use the attached image and create a new one with a format like an anime from the 90s: bright cel-shaded colors, dramatic rim lighting, halftone accents, slightly exaggerated facial features, and subtle film grain; keep the subject's pose and expression recognizable.
```

Commit message:

Add example prompts for invoking the image2image tool in README.md

README.md, after:

# MCPServer-Image2Image

This repository contains a simple MCP-based Image2Image server (`mcp_server.py`) that exposes an `image2image` tool. The tool wraps a Foundry/OpenAI-style images edit endpoint. The repository also includes scripts to create and activate a virtual environment.

## Quick start (Windows PowerShell)

1. Create and activate the virtual environment (if not already created):

```powershell
python -m venv .venv
.\.venv\Scripts\Activate.ps1
```

2. Install the project's requirements:

```powershell
.\.venv\Scripts\pip.exe install -r requirements.txt
```

3. Ensure you have a `.env` file with the following variables set:

```
FOUNDRY_ENDPOINT=<your_foundry_endpoint>
FOUNDRY_API_KEY=<your_api_key>
FOUNDRY_API_VERSION=<api_version>
FLUX_DEPLOYMENT_NAME=<flux_deployment>
GPT_DEPLOYMENT_NAME=<gpt_deployment>
```

4. Start the MCP server (this exposes the `image2image` tool):

You can start the server using the `mcp` CLI. Example (Server-Sent Events transport):

```powershell
mcp start .\mcp_server.py -t sse
```

This will start an MCP server that listens for MCP client connections. You can adjust the transport (`-t`) and host/port as needed. Below is an example `mcp.json` (editor integration) and a sample prompt for testing.

## Troubleshooting

- If you see ModuleNotFoundError for `mcp`, install the package and extras:

```powershell
.\.venv\Scripts\pip.exe install "mcp[cli]"
```

- If the MCP server appears to hang when started in the terminal, it is running an interactive loop; run the server in a dedicated terminal window and use an MCP client to connect.

## Files of interest

- `mcp_server.py` - MCP server and the `image2image` tool implementation
- `requirements.txt` - Python dependencies
- `scripts/` - helper venv activation scripts for different shells

If you'd like, I can add a small client script to demonstrate connecting to the MCP server and invoking the `image2image` tool.

## Editor integration / mcp.json example

If your editor integrates with MCP, use an `mcp.json` file like the example below. It matches the Server-Sent Events transport shown above:

```json
{
    "servers": {
        "image2imagelabs": {
            "url": "http://0.0.0.0:8000/sse",
            "type": "http"
        }
    },
    "inputs": []
}
```

### Sample prompts (Quick start)

Below are example prompts you can use when invoking the `image2image` tool. They assume you attach an input image (for example `02-bruno.jpg`) and request a transform.

- Anime (90s) - Use this to get a cel-shaded, dramatic anime look:

```text
Use the attached image and create a new one with a format like an anime from the 90s: bright cel-shaded colors, dramatic rim lighting, halftone accents, slightly exaggerated facial features, and subtle film grain; keep the subject's pose and expression recognizable.
```

- Mountain running (flux) - Photorealistic action composite using the `flux` model:

```text
Generate a new image that uses the attached image and makes the person in the image to be running in the mountains, use the flux model for this.
```
